# 1.1.1 Deliverable: Program Requirements Document (PRD)

The Shopping List App is Java program that helps users to manage their shopping lists when they are going or planning to go shopping. The app allows users to add something to their shopping list or remove items from there also it shows what they already have in their list and the last function of my app is just exiting the program. My program uses Java concepts that we learned this semester such as input, strings, loops. Also as I will improve and learn more skills in the APCS class I will be able to add more features to the app so it will become more advanced and maybe somewhere in the future I would create an actual app that can be used by more users. 
## Obstacles
Some of the obstacles I can meet during the creation of this program are: What if the user did not input anything to the list, what will it show or will it compile or show some kind of error, what if the person added too much staff for my program to compile, in either way I will try to create my program in the improved way that would make users lives easier.
## Functionalities 
My program is very useful because it happens very often that people forget or buy something they didn't need to because they forgot what was on their list which is why I chose to make my app. Some general functionalities that I will have on my program are: Add something to your list, where you can add either a grocery product or maybe name of a store, then I will have the display list option where you will be able to see what products you have on your list, then there will be an option to exit where it will be just exiting the program as a whole and the last option that I will have is choose an option where the user will be able to choose what he is planning on doing with the list. My program is going to be very functional and very user friendly because it’s really easy to use!
